hey everybody welcome back to the land
place if anybody's a gay after birth
plus and it really is after birth plus
now we're doing the dang old after birth
plus challenges April's fool Oh what is
this one is this every item has the
wrong description but oh no yes it is
April's fool is challenged 32 the
challenge changes all floor bosses to
the bloat changes pedestal items and
pickups to actually be something else
and displays your location as a random
room on the map your goal is to defeat a
moms heart which is also the bloat okay
so every boss is the bloat so it would
be nice if we got something good in our
first room I shouldn't have picked it up
okay well I still shouldn't have picked
it up because we don't know what it is
we know what it is now sorry I my
commentary might be a little confusing
on this one and the reason for that is
because nothing is as it seems on this
one so let me go back through this
what's going on with this challenge
every boss is the bloat every item
displays an item that it's not and then
when you pick it up you have to kind of
like reverse engineer what it actually
is don't have any bombs unfortunately
does the bloat shoot bombs I don't
believe so
I would like you to shoot some bombs
please and act acquiesce that tinted
rock for me worth it
HP well-spent or just give me a bomb for
completing this room which of course we
will not know if it came in the form of
an item because the items are all gonna
lie to us but this isn't that bad I mean
I don't like fighting the blow to any
more than the next guy and especially
you know fighting the blow in the early
game is extremely annoying but not
knowing what items do until after we
picked them up that's like a northern
lion original this challenge is made for
love and me baby and I was made for
loving it I can't get enough of it baby
I shouldn't have tried to do that even
as I was doing it I was like this is
dumb this also seems like one of those
challenges where you probably just want
to restart until you determine if you
get something good from your first item
room and if you do then you know the
world's your burrito but if you don't
you're fighting the bloat without really
any advantages whatsoever
I still let you know I want you to be
invested in this run and for you to be
invested in this run I have to be
invested in this run which means I have
to give it my all right now despite the
fact that it looks not very good right
now one of those situations where we
just kill to have a little bit of that
stupid damage we took earlier back now
no I described I sincerely tried okay
let's try again we don't know what it is
might as well pick it up Book of Shadows
totally fine it's a totally okay item
I'm a little bummed I am a little bummed
by the way it went down but that's life
as long as we know that the map position
is lying to us by the way we should have
an okay chance to actually be able to
use the map effectively like I have no
idea where we are but actually I do now
I'm in the room that's right next to
this room which means we want to go down
on this room okay I'm I'm sussing you
out Tyrone try to give me this like a
House of Leaves nonsense
I got you I know how you think we found
our boss fight I might just not even
worry about the map in the future but
for now obviously what I use the Book of
Shadows and yet I have no invincibility
so the I so what does Book of Shadows do
then nothing it just does nothing
why so I think I've determined getting
an active item is like the worst
possible scenario because not only does
the pedestal lie to you but then the
item itself actually lies to you if this
was actually Book of Shadows it would be
a pretty strong get right now instead
because it ain't Book of Shadows
I actually just don't even know what it
is
we used our space bar item we got
nothing out of it we're doing all right
though taking our time to perfect the
beat and we still got love for the IIIi
II we just need to take essentially zero
dumb damage because I mean we got
another floor after this but actually
this is like the last challenge but done
over again because this one the start of
the run should be the hardest part of it
and the end of the run should be the
easiest part of it
why is this while the blowed ain't
getting any easier at the start of a run
so it's really like it doesn't get any
harder than this we're not losing any
items the more floors we do the more
items are gonna get random or otherwise
just a couple damage upgrades that's all
it takes
no no you're almost done don't get
behind that don't get behind that
all those dangerous but necessary we've
done it live through a floor we get
pageant boy which gave us money so you
know but some of these are we got red
hearts out of some of them and we have
no money
I don't know what to tell you honestly
so everything lies to you on these rats
that's just worth noting do we even have
keys I don't know I'm assuming that
that's the case yes but we'll wait and
see that we get to our item room so
pageant boy actually gave us 7 cents but
each cent was a random consumable one of
which was a black cart one of which was
a golden heart two of which were keys
and I don't even know what the summons
some of them are red hearts apparently
he's done it Roccat sinus infection good
item and actually does what it's saying
it does okay give us a random pill bombs
are key except it wasn't bombs are key
it was actually a speed downgrade what
did you do what
how many golden hearts are there and how
are the golden hearts set up like this
this is very confusing to me I don't
know dude
it actually seems great that Penny's
become random consumables because it's
leading us to have quite a lot of hearts
we otherwise would not have access to
right now I think we're off to the races
straight up I think we're actually in a
very very good position right now we're
going to get a deal with the devil kind
of amazingly our booger tears are gonna
allow us to whittle down the bloat
pretty I wouldn't say quickly but not in
as long as it might normally take and we
found our second secret room which is
very confusing ly up here now the
downside is that spirit hearts are also
random so it's actually we get a random
space bar item every room so we got like
metronome or maybe Dead Sea Scrolls
that was how to jump so I would not be
shy about replacing our our spacebar
item not that we would know that our
spacebar our item was even being
replaced until it was already too late
to do anything about it but just stay
still
yeah honestly not even mad the more time
I can spend with you getting eroded by
these booger tears better my life is
unfortunately yeah yeah yeah stack them
up stick them up ah I might be kind of a
moron give me some more spirit arts I'm
all doing there goes our deal with the
devil chance
I'm slowly losing my mind look at our HP
what happened it look getting a single
golden heart is like all you need to
bust this run wide open apparently we
got a speed upgrade but for getting hit
a few times we've replenished all of our
golden hearts and then also got like an
unbelievable amount of HP along the side
of it so you'll forgive me if I think
that like the golden heart is kind of
you know kick-started our heart and
we'll never stop
hello Ruka go ahead hit me take my gold
in the heart see what happens I don't
know what that was I would welcome
shoopdawhoop because even if it's not
shipped to woob it's a new item which
might even be better than or worse those
are the options as I see them I don't
want to be too controversial
shoopdawhoop but but is it
[Music]
it's monster man well not a great choice
so we got our golden hardback and some
HP in the process I almost feel like we
should just sack all of our golden
hearts like it's the only thing that
makes sense here you think I never get
annoyed by this cat way to eat comes in
here and then he wants some pets that's
no problem I'm happy to pay then he goes
oh you're not petting me enough so he
tries to jump behind the computer and we
Jones spying the computer I got to stop
the video and go no no and then all the
comments go Peter you gotta go Peter the
interval abuse and like 99% of them are
joking but I don't even know about the
1% you see this guy okay do we care
about our item room probably but not as
much as I care about making progress
here I don't know what that was did it
cost us a golden heart or give us money
or maybe it gave us the pageant boy
effect I have I'm actually uncomfortable
in the confusion it's an environment in
which I flourish oh you know you don't
even have to sweat it cake ever
hey this is the challenge I don't know
if you did all the afterbirth Plus
challenges on this one
everyone is bloat yeah April Fool's like
all of them just lie to you you know oh
we got a Cuba meet you got to keep meet
that it doesn't matter cuz they give us
so many golden hearts typically over
that time we only got half of all we got
belly button which is like useless and
then but what is it at it's for real the
mark oh my god it's a damage upgrade
after all this time is there a Toma on
YouTube
[Music]
the I honestly this CAD needs a
supervisor sometimes no no yes will I go
to a cursed room I don't want to now I
want to okay I'm an idiot gold Newhart's
please yes we got our we got our good
stuff back why do I want to go now well
because we don't go back into the curse
room to get our consumables back so and
we even got another golden hard right
there all is phase two yeah he comes up
here and he goes like hey what you doing
I don't want to disrupt you or anything
but could you possibly be petting me
what could you pet me now please
and he'll like maybe do a little elbow
lick he goes then he'll lay down on my
like Mouse hand there my keyboard hands
and be like why aren't you petting me
don't I look cute right now he's doing a
little side-to-side head tilt but if you
ever pet him you've already lost because
you'd think like it would say she ate
him but now like one pet it just makes
him hungrier for more pets in the future
[Music]
exactly correct it's a gateway pet one
touch is never enough more golden hearts
don't look at me like that I see you
he's like is everything okay
okay fine there's a pen oh so good Ruka
boy oh well done he's acting like I'm
the unclean one where I petted him he's
licking himself a little rude honestly
you know you pooping a big robot full of
sand golden what in the world just
happened we what that was a great item
we got mini mush and little Gish still
pretty good not as good as displayed but
like okay that was v6 or inside ice
shard I think as long as we have gold in
the hearts we we cannot be stopped now
as for why we got like 11 gold in the
hearts there I have no idea but I'm a
happy man
I don't know I'm choosing to take this
April Fool's run as it comes basically
because you know it's like we're riding
on a river full of waves and we're going
how do I avoid the waves not some of the
waves can't be avoided you know you just
got to steer into them or you just got
to say hey it's gonna be bumpy let's
accepting
as long as we got golden hearts we can't
be stopped
it's an HP upgrade see this is like it
never stops
my whole life especially when recording
is like these cats they just come in and
then they before I start recording they
don't care then I start recording and
they bang on the door and then I open
the door and they come in and then I
start recording again and they bang on
the door and they want out it just they
have no respect for for authority here
he goes no oh I thought he was getting
behind the computer get out of your
stinky bloat we need to just use Guppies
paw it's not a good option for us some
of these golden hearts are not paying
out the way that I feel that they should
makes me an unhappy boy
you let the devil please deal with the
devil you got mr. Dahle we really need
her to tears upgrade so I'm okay with
that
we got a headless baby which is okay at
best and we got a missing page too which
is not good but I figured we'd take a
crack at it regardless because you know
the more items you get the more chances
we get decided to get something
game-breaking there's one only goes to
mom's heart by the way so what are we at
right now
necropolis one and against like all odds
we're ahead of schedule so hilariously
we might be able to do boss rush what
worries me about boss rush is every boss
going to be the bloat if we do boss rush
if so is there any way that I could
conceivably avoid it because it would be
hilarious to do it I don't know we'll
have to we'll have to cross that bridge
when we come to it I suppose I am
actually still of the opinion that you
know if you ever hit me I'm just
stronger like you cannot actually deal
damage to me this is the most empowered
to Cuba meat has ever been for me in my
entire life
give me a black market it is not a black
market but it is three golden hearts
alright I was off by a little bit but
still pretty good there's no reason to
sleep we don't want spirit arts we
already have black hops
again you can kind of decipher the map
what did I tell you we only get stronger
if you're if you're looking for the
right clues you can sorta decipher the
map it's not easy to do on the fly but
it's okay forego not particularly strong
but again there's I don't think there's
any point to using the reroll machine in
there because we got the mail because we
don't know what it's gonna be regardless
so and regardless we don't want to get
involved with all the lawyers and judges
just to hold grudges in the courtroom I
know you'd like to think your don't
stank but lean a little bit closer see
roses really smell like poo poo poo yeah
better come back down to Mars girl quit
chasing cars what happens when the dole
gets low girl you ain't that fine no way
Kenan attend goofy outcast track I'll
say it
I'm not afraid to tell the truth
that's a weird Tintin truck all right we
do have the the trinket that lets you
see tinted rocks we got magic 8-ball
which is not particularly good I'm
assuming the cards have random effects
so who knows what this will do for me
little brim dude actually fine and still
pretty much killing it from an HP
perspective I really really do not want
to do boss rush but I also acquiesce
that if it's all bloat it would be
hilarious
our damage is still relatively not good
I don't there's something wrong with the
golden hard like spawning code but I'm
gonna take advantage of it
epic AK that's amazing ruins booger
tears but otherwise like really really
strong item for us is it actually gives
us the ability to like hit and hurt
enemies which is not particularly common
in Isaac lately I mean you saw the last
refresh run we did ended up with three
point five damage on Sheol not exactly
an ideal course of action from my
perspective but it's not like we had any
control over it so anytime I get a
chance to screw the game I'm a happy man
cuz lord knows they'll do it back to you
maybe not the best attitude to have but
not a secret room once we get to a floor
where we have like dead ends on the
regular that's where like my watch ends
because I have no idea so we're probably
like I don't okay I know just amazed too
huh we want to be like as left as we can
get Gillette the leftist and man can get
didn't really come out the way I
intended
it's a really fun challenge they should
have taken out Kirsten amazed like with
curse of the maze it's not possible to
see what's happening with respect to the
map so now we want to find like a way to
move left I almost like you know what
you can play this game we know we need
to move left what if we just like
Kirsten the maze do it for us okay
that's sacrilege so my mistake
we could also just get an emperor card
hermit card okay
hermit took us to the deal with the
devil where we got the book of sin which
is actually the sprinkler and as a
result is a nightmare and the shade
which was actually mom's knife okay okay
we freed ourselves good lord
get me out of here I'm a celebrity sorta
get me out of here I always I mean
that's a that's a British show I haven't
seen any episodes of it but I always
thought the name was great I'm a
celebrity get me out of here never
thought like maybe try that one out on
the on a sinking ship or something like
that women & children first I've got
over a hundred thousand Twitter
followers so uh let me off the boat and
I'll give it a five-star review in a
video is there any I don't think we've
gone this way we need to find a way to
go left don't teleport me please oh it's
new that's a new room
we don't need spirit hearts we also
don't need your thought control
it's hilarious to me that we've gotten
like no money over the course of this
run double bloat also it does get a
little tougher in these boss rooms
Polaroid of course that makes a lot of
sense in hindsight that's the sprinkler
well I mean we got it they're not all
bloat well honestly I'm a little
offended
I guess we have the one up as a familiar
on this room
I'm not displeased with this run but I
really thought we were gonna fight gloat
gloat gloat gloat gloat gloat gloat
gloat gloat that was blood rights
at least we get to break up the monotony
applying the same boss over and over and
by monotony
I mean mehat Annie because I'm
struggling man this Rodney you know when
the run zanier than I am where I start
to ask some questions
that was not High Priestess in fact I
think that was a question mark card that
used shoopdawhoop which could be a
coincidence or could just be weird
or maybe it shot little brimstone
through something that changed the color
of its laser I don't know man I'm just
trying to get over the fact that we're
doing this all for an item we don't even
know what the item is gonna be could
ruin our whole run could make the whole
run incredible it's already pretty
incredible actually we can't really
complain about a epic act moms knife
high damage situation here nobody like
ever tell them that it spawns way too
many golden hearts or at least lets you
get away too many golden hearts this is
a beautiful thing and should be allowed
to survive the problem is you know in
these booster packs they put all the
mods in and this is the way I see it at
least I could be wrong but mod makers
are not making items that's like you
know damage upgrade they're making cool
items that are like a here's like a tear
effect you've never considered before
unfortunately varicose veins is actually
pretty good
unfortunately that leads to situations
where there's like in my opinion an
under-representation of tears and damage
upgrades in the in the item pool now and
as a result find yourself having base
damage a lot more frequently than you
used to I think
at least that's the way I see it
what is Dennis Miller saying it's just a
rant what's the deal with mod items
don't wanna move
I just wanna jump down dump damn denim
overly reductive look at Jerry
Seinfeld's comedy hey Jerry how you
feeling come with the coma saw joke
about fourth grade French there's only
three moves in French 7 7 al and comme
si comme Saab and if your French teacher
says Michelle
c'mon Sava and you say 7 mal it's gonna
make the dynamic of the class kite weird
you know you always say 7 or you say
comme si comme sigh if you're the class
clown if you say seven mouths it's like
you gotta talk to the teacher after
class to make sure your life's ok
northernlion your french accent that
makes me want to die I'm sorry ok I live
in North America the North American
attitude about languages you should be
lucky we even speak English we're
getting pretty close to our own dialogue
of you know yah yah yah eat can I get a
boneless people huh you know we're all
like robbing our own little world
dialectic when speaking
we used the razor there we're one floor
away from being free of this strange
prison so I'm pretty excited old bandage
is essentially irrelevant although we do
have a permanent polaroid invincibility
maybe something to be said about that
copies head great oh forget me now
actually what huh what
so can we just use infinite space bar
items thanks to IV bag there's no way
this ends up like not crash in the game
right like we're even are we are we
still on the ID I have no idea I'm so
hey I can see ever I did I didn't think
it was possible I did have some people
message me after I made fun of Chad
Kroeger zero and by message me I mean oh
that's a youtube comment it's not you
know 1974 and they went nly you hating
on hero you know it's a banger I'm let
just letting you know hero is not a
banger you can like hero if you want to
like hero a and I'm not offended by you
by a musical tastes but that is that is
a song from like my childhood that I'm
embarrassed if you looked at like my
sixth grade came out when I was in
eighth grade actually winamp
you can see that it had like 300 plays
how could that be look what love gave us
whoof full of killing and blood spilling
so deep dude if you like it that's fine
you know spider-man music is some of the
most emotional of all the suit some of
the most emotional of all the
superheroes obviously know teleport me
to the boss wait wait we got we got mega
mom just run for it
IV bag breaks this bad boy wide open
it's also like still wicked annoying are
we got B now we just like we got the
Mulligan we got wicked wicked flies we
could fly it's because we can Wild Wild
flies look it seems like we have a lot
of flies I bet actually that was from
mashing the spacebar and getting a bunch
of Guppies head payouts now that I think
about it free me from this prison please
we got to be going the right way
fruit-fly get out of my face I got
enough saying right now our final boss
were free I'm not gonna fight hush
there's no point unless the hush was
like a super blow I might consider it
sure why not
thanks for watching my brain got
scrambled on this challenge but I'm
happy to be here
we got a pillow Maggie gets speed
upgrade nice that's well worth it please
for watching if you enjoyed the episode
if you take a look like what an upset a
great deal of course describe Ulysses
where the vichy finales are watching and
I will see you next time